Do you know how to drive? How do you park your car?
The car broke down. Brother driver,
What's wrong?
Come here. What do you want to do?
Is this not accurate? No.
That's right, it's me and you.
What's your name?
Zhang...see me.
Come on, pass first. go down,
Get your suitcase over here.
What are you doing with my suitcase?
In your suitcase, please return your luggage.
Dahua Life
Is this clothes packed?
These four pounds of brain
It's so good. Hurry up.
The guy asked us to go down and get it ourselves.
That's nothing like this
This, this brother
Just inside
The yellow box
I didn’t know that was my box
Don't worry about how I know yes
Look at this box
See enough
There's a lot of stuff inside
Can it be done?
Take a look
Yes, this is a lighter matter. Why do you hurry up and compose the lyrics?